  Question: Country Code 
  Question: case number 
  Question: urban-rural 
Variable: q1 
  Question: q1. How would you rate the overall economic condition of our country today?  Is it … 
Variable: q2 
  Question: q2. How would you describe the change in the economic condition of our country over the last few years 
Variable: q3 
  Question: q3. What do you think will be the state of our country's economic condition a few years from now? Will it be … 
Variable: q4 
  Question: q4. As for your own family, how do you rate the economic situation of your family today?  Is it … 
Variable: q5 
  Question: q5. How would you compare the current economic condition of your family with what it was a few years ago? Is it … 
Variable: q6 
  Question: q6. What do you think the economic situation of your family will be a few years from now? Will it be … 
Variable: q7 
  Question: q7. I'm going to name a number of institutions. For each one, please tell me how much trust do you have in them? The president 
Variable: q8 
  Question: q8. The courts 
Variable: q9 
  Question: q9. The national government [in capital city] 
Variable: q10 
  Question: q10. Political parties [not any specific party] 
Variable: q11 
  Question: q11. Parliament 
Variable: q12 
  Question: q12. Civil service 
Variable: q13 
  Question: q13. The military(or armed forces) 
Variable: q14 
  Question: q14. The police 
Variable: q15 
  Question: q15. Local government 
Variable: q16 
  Question: q16. Newspapers 
Variable: q17 
  Question: q17. Television 
Variable: q18 
  Question: q18. The election commission [specify institution by name] <Optional> 
Variable: q19 
  Question: q19. Non-governmental organizations or NGOs <Optional> 
Variable: q20 
  Question: q20. Could you identity the three most important organizations or formal groups you belong to. First Organization 
Variable: q21 
  Question: q21. Second Organization 
Variable: q22 
  Question: q22. Third Organization 
Variable: q23 
  Question: q23. General speaking, would you say that "Most people can be trusted" or "that you must be very careful in dealing with people"? 
Variable: q24 
  Question: q24. Do you think most people would try to take advantage of you if they got a chance, or would they try to be fair? (NEW) 
Variable: q25 
  Question: q25. How much trust do you have in each of the following types of people?   Your relatives 
Variable: q26 
  Question: q26. Your neighbors 
Variable: q27 
  Question: q27. Other people you interact with 
Variable: q28 
  Question: q28. On average, about how many people do you have contact with in a typical week day?  We are interested in contact on a one-on-one basis, including everyone with whom you chat, talk, or discuss matters.  This can be face to face, by telephone, by mail, 
Variable: q29 
  Question: q29. If you have a difficult problem to manage, are there people outside your household you can ask for help? (NEW) 
Variable: q30 
  Question: q30. When people outside your household have problems, do they come to you for help? (NEW) 
Variable: q31 
  Question: q31. If you had friends or co-workers whose opinions on politics differed from yours, would you have a hard time conversing with them? (NEW) 
Variable: q32 
  Question: q32. In talking to people about elections, we often find that a lot of people were not able to vote because they were away from home, they were sick or they just didn't have time. How about you? Did you vote in the election [the most recent national elect 
Variable: q33 
  Question: q33. Which parties (or candidates for president if it was presidential race) did you vote for? [country-specific response grid] 
Variable: q33a 
  Question: q33a. Based on the answer to Q33, please construct a new variable indicating if the respondent voted for the winning camp or losing camp. 
Variable: q34 
  Question: q34. Thinking about the national election in [year], did you attend a campaign meeting or rally? 
Variable: q35 
  Question: q35. try to persuade others to vote for a certain candidate or party? 
Variable: q36 
  Question: q36. Did you do anything else to help out or work for a party or candidate running in the election? 
Variable: q37 
  Question: q37. On the whole, how free and fair would you say the last national election was? (NEW) 
Variable: q38 
  Question: q38. Based on your experience, how easy or difficult is it to obtain the following services?  Or have you never tried to get these services from government?  An identity document (such as a birth certificate or passport) 
Variable: q39 
  Question: q39. A place in a public primary school for a child 
Variable: q40 
  Question: q40. Medical treatment at a nearby clinic 
Variable: q41 
  Question: q41. Help from the police when you need it 
Variable: q42 
  Question: q42. Generally speaking, how safe is living in this city/ town/ village - very safe, safe, unsafe or very unsafe? 
Variable: q43 
  Question: q43. How interested would you say you are in politics? 
Variable: q44 
  Question: q44. How often do you follow news about politics and government? 
Variable: q45 
  Question: q45. How often do you use the internet? 
Variable: q46 
  Question: q46. When you get together with your family members or friends, how often do you discuss political matters? 
Variable: q47 
  Question: q47. Among the political parties listed here, which party if any do you feel closest to? 
Variable: q48 
  Question: q48. How close do you feel to (answer in Q47)? Is it very close, somewhat close, or just a little close? 
Variable: q49 
  Question: q49. Please tell me how you feel about the following statements. Would you say you strongly agree, somewhat agree, somewhat disagree, or strongly disagree? Most people are trustworthy? 
Variable: q50 
  Question: q50. For the sake of the family, the individual should put his personal interests second 
Variable: q51 
  Question: q51. In a group, we should sacrifice our individual interest for the sake of the group's collective interest. 
Variable: q52 
  Question: q52. For the sake of national interest, individual interest could be sacrificed. 
Variable: q53 
  Question: q53. When dealing with others, developing a long-term relationship is more important than securing one's immediate interest. 
Variable: q54 
  Question: q54. When dealing with others, one should not only focus on immediate interest but also plan for future. 
Variable: q55 
  Question: q55. Even if parents' demands are unreasonable, children still should do what they ask. 
Variable: q56 
  Question: q56. When a mother-in-law and a daughter-in-law come into conflict, even if the mother-in-law is in the wrong, the husband should still persuade his wife to obey his mother. 
Variable: q57 
  Question: q57. Being a student, one should not question the authority of their teacher. 
Variable: q58 
  Question: q58. In a group, we should avoid open quarrel to preserve the harmony of the group 
Variable: q59 
  Question: q59. Even if there is some disagreement with others, one should avoid the conflict 
Variable: q60 
  Question: q60. A person should not insist on his own opinion if his co-workers disagree with him 
Variable: q61 
  Question: q61. Wealth and poverty, success and failure are all determined by fate. 
Variable: q62 
  Question: q62. If one could have only one child, it is more preferable to have a boy than a girl. 
Variable: q63 
  Question: q63. When dealing with others, one should not be preoccupied with temporary gains and losses. 
Variable: q64 
  Question: q64. In the past three (3) years, have you never, once, or more than once done the following because of personal, family, or neighborhood problems, or problems with government officials and policies?Contacted elected officials or legislative representativ 
Variable: q65 
  Question: q65. Contacted officials at higher level. 
Variable: q66 
  Question: q66. Contacted traditional leaders/community leaders. 
Variable: q67 
  Question: q67. Contacted other influential people outside the government 
Variable: q68 
  Question: q68. Contacted news media 
Variable: q69 
  Question: q69. Here is a list of actions that people sometimes take as citizens. For each of these, please tell me whether you, personally, have never, once, or more than once done any of these things during the past three years.   Got together with others to try t 
Variable: q70 
  Question: q70. Got together with others to raise an issue or sign a petition 
Variable: q71 
  Question: q71. Attended a demonstration or protest march 
Variable: q72 
  Question: q72. Used force or violence for a political cause 
Variable: q73 
  Question: q73. Thinking of whether you voted or not ever since you became eligible for voting, how would you describe yourself -have you voted in every election, voted in most elections, voted in some elections or hardly ever voted? 
Variable: q74 
  Question: q74. Let's talk for a moment about the kind of government you would like to have in this country, which of the followings statements do you agree with most? Choose the first or the second statement. [Interviewer: Probe whether respondent strongly agrees o 
Variable: q74a 
  Question: q74a. Do you strongly agree or just agree with the chosen statement? 
Variable: q75 
  Question: q75. Let's talk for a moment about the kind of government you would like to have in this country, which of the followings statements do you agree with most? Choose the first or the second statement. [Interviewer: Probe whether respondent strongly agrees o 
Variable: q75a 
  Question: q75a. Do you strongly agree or just agree with the chosen statement? 
Variable: q76 
  Question: q76. Let's talk for a moment about the kind of government you would like to have in this country, which of the followings statements do you agree with most? Choose the first or the second statement. [Interviewer: Probe whether respondent strongly agrees o 
Variable: q76a 
  Question: q76a. Do you strongly agree or just agree with the chosen statement? 
Variable: q77 
  Question: q77. Let's talk for a moment about the kind of government you would like to have in this country, which of the followings statements do you agree with most? Choose the first or the second statement. [Interviewer: Probe whether respondent strongly agrees o 
Variable: q77a 
  Question: q77a. Do you strongly agree or just agree with the chosen statement? 
Variable: q78 
  Question: q78. Let's talk for a moment about the kind of government you would like to have in this country, which of the followings statements do you agree with most? Choose the first or the second statement. [Interviewer: Probe whether respondent strongly agrees o 
Variable: q78a 
  Question: q78a. Do you strongly agree or just agree with the chosen statement? 
Variable: q79 
  Question: q79. Let's talk for a moment about the kind of government you would like to have in this country, which of the followings statements do you agree with most? Choose the first or the second statement. [Interviewer: Probe whether respondent strongly agrees o 
Variable: q79a 
  Question: q79a. Do you strongly agree or just agree with the chosen statement? 
Variable: q80 
  Question: q80. Over the long run, our system of government is capable of solving the problems our country faces. 
Variable: q81 
  Question: q81. Thinking in general, I am proud of our system of government. 
Variable: q82 
  Question: q82. A system like ours, even if it runs into problems, deserves the people's support. 
Variable: q83 
  Question: q83. I would rather live under our system of government than any other that I can think of. 
Variable: q84 
  Question: q84. Compared with other systems in the world, would you say our system of government works fine as it is, needs minor change, needs major change, or should be replaced? 
Variable: q85 
  Question: q85. Many things may be desirable, but not all of them are essential characteristics of democracy. If you have to choose only one from each four sets of statements that I am going to read, which one would you choose as the most essential characteristics o 
Variable: q86 
  Question: q86. If you have to choose only one from each four sets of statements that I am going to read, which one would you choose as the most essential characteristics of a democracy? 
Variable: q87 
  Question: q87. If you have to choose only one from each four sets of statements that I am going to read, which one would you choose as the most essential characteristics of a democracy? 
Variable: q88 
  Question: q88. If you have to choose only one from each four sets of statements that I am going to read, which one would you choose as the most essential characteristics of a democracy? 
Variable: q89 
  Question: q89. On the whole, how satisfied or dissatisfied are you with the way democracy works in [Country].  Are you …? 
Variable: q90 
  Question: q90. In your opinion how much of a democracy is [Country Name] ? 
Variable: q91 
  Question: q91. Here is a scale: 1 means completely undemocratic and 10 means completely democratic. Where would you place our country under the present government? 
Variable: q92 
